To be able to visit your project on your local computer under a custom domain like Laravel, the test,
you need to configure a so-called virtual host in the Apache Web server.
It is not complicated at all.
You need to go to the applications folder and then Zamp.
Some files.
EDC.
And then open the http d dot com file, you can drag it onto the visual studio code icon in the dark.
Next press, come on, Tev, and search for the hosts.
There should only be one entry in this file.
It should take you around line four eight eight.
And command this line by removing the harsh character from the beginning of the line, this makes Apache
use their separate file that contains the virtual host config, save the changes.
Now we need to open this V hosts file, so go to the extra folder and locate HDTV codes dot com and
drag it to the visual studio called.
There are two example conflicts in there, and we will modify one, so let's do it with this one first,
remove the first line, we won't need that.
And then you need to set the document routes to punch to the folder where your application is.
And server name is the domain name you will use.
Let's start with the domain.
So we want that to be Laravel.
Those test, let's also fix the layers, so it's w w w Laravel to test.
Then you need to specify the document route and it has to point to the folder where you have just created
the new Laravel application.
So if you followed the instructions, this would be applications slash sump, slash clunk sound files,
then HD docs.
Lot of public, it is public because in the public folder, you can find the index Buerge be filed the
main entry points to the Laravel application.
Additionally, you can give the error log and custom log files, names that are specific to our site
name so they can be easily found in the logs folder.
So a specific name would, for example, be Laravel to Test and Laravel.
The first access log.
Next, saved the changes and go back to the subpanel.
Restart Apache to apply the new configuration while you are done to actually use the domain.
You need to configure it locally on your system and there is a separate lecture about that.